I am a student studying  Computer Science Engineering at NIT Calicut. I don't have any special source of income . I father has taken loan to  pay my college's high tuition fee . Apart from that my father also have to pay for my sister's fee who is in High School. Because of low family income she is currently studying in a government instituition. My mother is  housewife and doesn't add to any  family income. We live in a  house in mumbai for which father has taken loan . My hometown is a village in Nagpur, Maharashtra,India. My village is very backward where I don't have electricity for almost half of the day and also the water supply is limited. My father completed his education and on basis of his caste certificate (ST- Scheduled Tribes) he got a job in Mumbai. My father lived alone in Mumbai and me with my mother  stayed in village as the expenses would be very high in mumbai. He somehow manged after few years to bring us to mumbai and our life started. Still then it was very difficult for us to cope with it. We have somehow managed with it but still I can't afford to pay for this course because of the loan that is there on my father.    

Ant

Machine Learning has always excited me And I am very keen to learn and master it. This scholarship will help me to achieve my career goals and keep me out of stress about my financial condition. I prefer to build my career  in Machine Learning which I think will help me follow my interest and build my career. I study engineering at NIT Calicut which is considered among top 25 colleges in India and to achieve this I scored a very good rank in the Entrance test (JEE MAINS). My grades are also good  with (8.5/10 CGPA)and I plan to complete my degree with good grades and abundant knowledge. The college has some electives on Machine Learning like Data Mining and along with that this course will help me build my foundation of ML. Five years from now I see myself employed in a firm where I will apply Machine learning technique learned to various models.I feel good that I have been given the opportunity to be awarded a scholarship to help fulfill my dream. I would do my best to get to achieve my dream and build my career.  
